Let's continue.
So let me tell you something more about the bridge network.
So we know that Bridge Network mode is basically the mapping between the host port to the container
port.
And here it is very important to know that for bridge network mode 1 to 1 mapping is only possible.
So what does it mean?
So here, this is my EC2 instance, which is running on the private subnet and this  EC2 instance
is my host.
And suppose I have created one container.
Only one container is running inside this EC2 instance and this container is safe, for example,
its nginx web server, and which runs on port number 80.
So with the bridge network mode, I have mapped the 80 port of my this EC2 instance to the container
on port number 80.
So this 1 to 1 mapping is possible.
But suppose you have 2 container which is running on the same EC2 instance and both the container
suppose it's an nginx web server and both are running on the same port 80, 80 or suppose 81 or 82.
But if you want to map both the containers port to the same port on the EC2 instance, that is a
host port, that is not possible.
Let me tell you one more time here.
Suppose my host port I have chosen 80 and both the container which runs on same port or different port
81, 82.
And if you want to map both 81 or 82 port of the container to the same port of the host port 80 then
it is not possible for that.
You have to apply the dynamic bridge networking port I will discuss in the later lecture.
So here for the testing purpose, I'm going to create only one container inside the EC2 instance.
So that's all.
We'll discuss more on that in the next lecture.